During the months of December 2017
and January 2018,
we were thrilled to have over 100
Karen-S’gaw-speaking campaign volunteers
from Australia, Thailand,
and the United States
join our local
Karen-S’gaw-speaking publishers.
The Karen field here in Myanmar
has progressed quickly.
However, the majority of Karen people here
have not yet had an opportunity
to hear the good news.
So when they see
the Bible literature or video
in their language, it touches their heart.
One man that we met in our ministry
used to chew betel nut,
but he realized God did not approve.
So he prayed to God for help,
and he was able
to quit betel nut with God’s help.
Serving in the Karen S’gaw field in Myanmar
is really a dream come true for me.
There are challenges and adjustments,
but they’re nothing compared
to all the blessings I have gained.
The preaching campaign was a real success.
As a result,
many new Bible studies were started
and we have also located the areas
with the greatest potential of growth.
It is very, very exciting.
The clear evidence of Jehovah’s spirit
on the campaign arrangements
has led us to the conclusion
that “God had summoned us
to declare the good news”
among the Karen S’gaw people.